Greetings, pilot! And welcome to your very own Stardust interplanetary hauling ship.
As you can see, hauling and distributing things around the Solar system is an important job, and potentially also a tricky one to do well.
That, and also to fulfill the bare minimum of company obliged health insurance...
...is why I, your personal AI guide, am here to accompany you through your first flight!
Before we start, I am also obliged to inform you that space travel is a perilous, but also prestigious feat to accomplish for many.
By recognizing this fact, you acknowledge that Stardust Incorporated is to NOT be held responsible for damage... or death.
I must admit that I do not understand two thirds of what I just said, but I am sure it must have sounded really exciting for you.
But just in case, I did ask them about it and whether they forgot to put the words into my linguistic database.
They just dismissed my question and told me to absolutely NOT forget to tell you the whole thing.
It is probably because there is only a limited space to store my database.
Okay, I am rambling. Let us get back on track.
First things first, let me give you a little bit of tour around your ship.
Right now, you are in the ship's Command Module. This is where you control the ship.
All the maneuvers that you need to get the ship to your destination is done here. We will talk about that later.
Now, go outside. Press the button next to the door to unlock it.
This is the Service Module. This is where the ship's important systems, such as power and oxygen, is located.
When you want to leave the ship, you can do so using the airlocks located at both ends of this module.
Press the button to open the next door.
This long hallway connects all the Cargo Bays. These are where the cargo is stored.
Go through the door at the end of the hallway.
This small room is the Engine Room.
You see the two big engines? Those are the main thrusters of the ship. You use these when you launch the ship off the surface.
The smaller engines at the corners there, however, are the orbital engines. You use these when performing maneuvers in low-gravity.
Let us get back to the Command Module.
Now, you know that things have to go really fast to be able to go to the sky, but not back to the ground.
As you can see, this ship is a relatively huge thing to shoot off through the atmosphere and into space.
And we do not have a gigantic tank full of fuel strapped onto the ship feeding an equally as gigantic monster rocket engine.
What will send us up there, then?
Well, lucky for us, we have a mass driver on site!
The mass driver, once engaged, will accelerate the ship to incredible speed almost instantly.
The only time we ever need the thrusters is when we are already in space, to speed up even more so that we actually orbit the Earth.
Go to the flight deck, get seated, and get comfortable. We will start our launch.
In front of you is the control panel. From here, you control the thrust and heading of the ship.
The big lever controls the thrust, and the stick controls the heading. Simple as that.
What is not so simple, however, is keeping the controls steady while doing a maneuver. Do not worry about that just yet, though.
Always make sure you are secure to your seat before launching!
When you are ready, press the red button to start the engine and activate the mass driver.
While the ship is blasting through the atmosphere, it might wobble a little bit.
The wings do help stabilize it, but just to make sure, hold the stick steady to the center.
See the timer on the top there? That is the time until we reach the point where we do our next maneuver.
In this case, that is the peak of the ship's trajectory.
When we reach that point, we want to accelerate more so that the trajectory does not hit ground, but rather goes around the planet.
Now, we wait until the timer counts down to a few seconds. Until then, relax, but remember to keep the stick steady.
Alright. It is almost time.
You need to rotate the ship using the stick so that it heads towards the direction the maneuver needs it to be.
You can see what direction the ship is heading towards, as well as where to head towards, on the monitor at the middle of the panel.
Go ahead, move the stick until the blue dot overlaps with the orange dot as close as possible.
When the timer reaches zero, pull the thrust lever to the required amount.
Voila, we are orbiting the Earth! Feel free to walk off your seat now.